hey guys what's up I just got back from
Belize I am in New York City it feels so
good to be back home but a lot of
questions I got was what type of gear
what type of camera gear you take when
you travel well with the police I went
there so yes have fun but I also want
there to make a dough police video which
will be out the next couple of months
but I also have posted two logs so you
can watch them and you can see all the
great footage I got and all the crazy
fun supposedly do I want to show you
what is in a hammer right so everything
I rock it is so heavy but everything I
brought this in this bag this badge is a
poor stuff camera back unfortunately I
don't think they sell them anymore I
will link something it down and crucian
below and it's similar but what I like
about this is it is functional but it
also looks pretty cool I like my camera
body to look cool because I wear them a
lot
defiant sweats is weird there's pockets
on the outside but there is a camera
insert on the inside so I can use I can
take this out and use a bag as a normal
bag and just take out the camera and
shirt but the camera insert is always in
there so there is two flaps that keep my
SD cards on the outside like my wallet
and things proactive alert keep your
empty and full SD cards and two separate
Pelican cases or cases it will help you
not for that over and eight cards that
you don't want formatted over I can
bring a lot of camera gear on the shrimp
each thing serves a different purpose
but my main shear life always for all my
vlogs 50 Sony rx100 mark 5 I had the
three before this this is my main
vlogging camera main just take wherever
there is not water and shoot it's great
for pictures and video but I mainly use
it for video I get a lot of nice slow
motion out of this thing but also it's a
great shooter to just talk to because
the audio is pretty decent coming out of
it
next up is the camera this is a big one
this is my really nice
camera this is a sony a7s - i also have
the ASMR but there's really no need to
bring both on the trip I was actually
taking more pictures with this thing but
it also does great low-light so when I
was in situations where we were at
dinner or I needed to take some blue
light video this is what I picked up
because the rx100 5 is great for
low-light but nothing compares to AF 7
you can crank the ISO up to like 12,000
no problems this is a 70 to 200 s4 is
there is a s to 8 but it is so massive
and so expensive when you're shooting on
an a7 s you don't really have to worry
between s 4x QA because it's so good and
loelai I've really been enjoying this
when any photographer videographer or
we're shooting events or really anything
uses 7200 lenses
it's amazing and return to the 70 to 200
I also have this lens which is a very
small lens but packs one punch this is
advice so need 35 millionnaire f28 so it
is a beautiful lens because it is that a
smaller f-stop of 8 so you can really
stop it down get some nice bokeh but why
I got this is it's so tiny look at it
compared to this one
it's super you need to throw this on
just put it in my purse and go wherever
we need to go those are my two lenses
that I brought with the 8 so as so far
we have the rx100
the a7 s with two lenses when it comes
to water things I only use as GoPro the
GoPro Hero 5 it does 1080 up to 120
frames per second it does 4k recording
it has a decent touch screen the touches
of super responsive but it is great for
going through clips and changing the
settings it takes a little bit getting
used to but once I conquered it I was
good so I brought a lot of accessories a
lot of the times the GoPro just hangs on
that this is like a floaty thing but I
attached a GoPro to so every two are
it's good to have something that will
make your GoPro float if you drop it and
I have extra batteries
taste and a lot of randoms gopro
accessories for the last camera belt I
brought is Sonia I am super super stoked
on I got a very recently it is de d ji
magic Pro it is a awesome drone that
folds down into the size of water ball
so if you look at what it looks like in
this bag it is tiny it squeezes into the
middle compartment and it is just very
very portable so this is the drone of
course you sold it out in order to fly
it but it just fits so easily into my
bag I can literally bring everything I
need in one that I've been loving this
if you want to see some drone footage
you can watch my previous vlog I had a
few accessories so I have the remote in
the bottom compartment of the bag I have
two extra batteries for the DJ anomic I
also have from just charging table so
this is a I'm turning table for my
iPhone also a USB micro and then I have
other things like this is my hard drive
I really recommend the Samsung terabyte
SSD hard drive it's super fast and
become Kai and it is the size of credit
card it's insane so I also brought a ton
of batteries with me I never had battery
issues because I was in a placement I
could charge every night and so I'm
rusty I brought 5 8 7 s batteries I just
never became across I went through one
or two every Sunday and then I had three
additional article under batteries
because my are someone who does turn
through batteries but I was only using
about one or two of those okay I also
have a ton of iPhone headphones actually
don't know why I have so many my most
recent favorite thing ever
are these just ticked at box of a thing
these are the new Apple earpods II
wireless bluetooth headphones from Apple
and I wore them everywhere and it is
always here of course I also have my
iPhone so I was shooting a ton of iPhone
pictures
or the Instagram by it's pretty crazy I
brought all the stuff out of the u.s. in
one bag and nothing broke I didn't lose
anything I did lose my ray-bans which is
very unfortunate because no camera stuff
broke I came back with all my SD cards
so yeah right
in addition to all of this camera gear
it makes the side very heavy but it is
even more heavy because I do have a
laptop in here I want to very nice but
things still had to get edited and work
had to get done we have unfold this flap
and unzip the back here this bag is like
water resistance um you know it's not
waterproof but it does just like water
it does rain which is handy so there is
my laptop but there is a Twitter old
MacBook Pro 15 inch and this is kind of
my main workhorse so all of this stuff
fits into the bag
I now have back issues but it got the
job done I would like to give a special
thanks to my camera B operator
Sam Wow squat it back well some of us Oh
what for here Eric it feels hot along I
haven't seen Sarah since last year like
a joke last year but no I had a December
I am infinity thanks thanks for helping
me course somnus wait could you did you
tell them about this yeah yeah it's so
good to be back in the city you guys
know i love new york city so much it's
so good to be back here a little bit
click on the Sam Shepard face on the in
screen and subscribe in this channel so
this amazing thank you so much for
tuning in if you're new around here they
should hit the subscribe and like button
all of these will be linked in the
description below if you had questions
about these specific types of gear that
I'm have so on topic time
watch my previous blog because it's
really dope and you get to see all of
them stuff in action there's all that
time what do we say around here
okay bye look we are arriving at our
Island
parkour guard
oh yes this is nice
here we hop off laughing just friends
beef pineapple we live in large living
the life